# Challenge 1. Steganography 
 In the Kenny png, he first used the PNG file and looked into the actual text file of it and looked for any abnormality in it. He realized at the end of the file that their was an inconsistenty in the file text and realize that it could be decoded. He searched up the obvious and the in obvious. Kenny has its own language, and surprisingly has its own translator. He went ahead and input the text "fmmppfpmf" etc that decode into "dissolved". This was the seganography that the maker of this PNG embedded into the txt file format.
 
# Challenge 2. A SE Anecdote 
 To recap this story, the user was a victim of a social engineering attack that was targeting his twitter account. The attacker first used his paypal account to reveal significant information that could land him his GoDaddy account. The Attacker called Paypal and ask for order to never release any information from the account with that he was able to successfully guess the final two digits of the the credit card and use that to be a verification method to GoDaddy and Paypal. Doing this the attacker was able to hack into the GoDaddy and the tried communicating with the victim through Facebook, he wanted the victim to change the twitter accounts email. With the attacker having full ownership of the GoDaddy account the attacker blackmailed the victim to give up his username or else all sites on GoDaddy were going to be deleted or compromised. The victim agreed to changing the account username but talked to twitter in order to inform the situation. The attack once got the Twitter username revealed to the victim how the whole social engineering tactics we committed. The Victim is now in shock and conclude that he will be moving away from PayPal and GoDaddy as soon as possible due to the mishandling of infomration. 
# Challenge 3. Phishing Websites.
 
